# CryptoClustering

**Student name:** Tania Barrera

---

This repo contains my work for the challenge that corresponds to Module 19 of the UofT SCS edX Data Bootcamp.

---

## Deliverables

Notebook: [Crypto_Clustering.ipynb](Crypto_Clustering.ipynb)

---

## Instructions

1. Intial data description and visualization
2. Data scaling
3. Using Elbow Plot to find optiomal k value
4. Cluster Analysis with K-Means
5. PCA
6. Repeat 3 and 4 but with PCs


Question: What is the best value for k?

Answer: From the plot, I would guess 4, since that is the point where the slope stabilizes and starts dropping more steadily.

Question: What is the total explained variance of the three principal components?

Answer: The total is 89.5%. Each principal component individually explains 37.2%, 34.7% and 17.6%.

Question: What is the best value for k when using the PCA data?

Answer: It seems to be 4, since that is where the elbow curve starts having a smooth slope.

Question: Does it differ from the best k value found using the original data?

Answer: No, that is the same value I chose previously

Question: What is the best value for k when using the PCA data?

Answer: It seems to be 4, since that is where the elbow curve starts having a smooth slope.
Question: Does it differ from the best k value found using the original data?

Answer: No, that is the same value I chose previously



---

## References

Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

Challenge instructions and starter files, as well as some code sections that were adapted from the UofT SCS EdX Data Bootcamp class activities:

© 2022 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
